(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
It's very easy to make stir-fried noodles with seafood...
- Cut! - Cut!
- My gosh. - What's wrong?
Excuse me.
- Move. - Please make way.
That's not what you were supposed to say.
That is what I was supposed to say.
He's right. The script says, "It's very easy to make..."
I told you to ignore the script.
Remember what you said when we first met?
I liked what you said back then. Let's use that.
That's my personal opinion.
And I'm saying that I like your personal opinion.
I want the show to be real.
I'm sure the writer doesn't know anything about what's real.
My gosh, this is driving me crazy.
Okay, let's go. I want you to begin with stir-frying the noodles again.
Let's start over from stir-frying the noodles.
Okay.
I'm this close to just leaving.
I'm sorry. Let's just try shooting it one more time.
Please show us enthusiastic reactions.
- Let's do this. - My gosh.
- Get ready. - Let's do this.
Everybody, standby.
To be honest, I don't really like cooking simple meals.
But today...
Stop shooting.
Cut! Who was that?
Stop shooting. This isn't based on my script.
What's wrong with that lunatic?
- Ms. Lee. - Stop shooting.
You can't do this here. Please don't do this.
Do you even think of me as a writer?
How can you do this to me?
Do you even hear yourself?
It's us who should be asking you that question.
What are you doing right now?
Did you finish writing the next script?
I didn't write it.
What's the point? You don't even follow it.
You drive me crazy.
You're not Shakespeare. Can't we make edits?
Writers shouldn't be bossing people around.
I understand you might want to make edits,
but you should at least tell me where you made them.
If the beginning changes, so should the end. I need to know.
You're irresponsible. You can't just shoot without thinking.
You're the irresponsible one!
Do you think acting like this is responsible?
You left me with no choice!
I'm exaggerating a bit, but I asked you 100 times.
However, nothing changed. You pushed me to the edge.
Gosh. This is why I never work with new writers. I must be crazy!
No, I'm the one going crazy.
I was greedy about making my debut that I ignored rumors about you.
I knew you change people's writings, but I thought you wouldn't with me.
It's thanks to my edits that you get 10 percent in viewership.
We'd get 10 percent even if you left it the way it was.
You're impossible to talk to.
If you hate my work so much, you should stop shooting it.
Are you telling me you'll fire me?
How can I fire you? I really can't talk to you.
Look who's talking.
Okay, watch.
There are over 100 staff and cast. Ask them.
Do any of you think she's right? Even just one person?
See? There's not a single person.
I pity myself.
I can't believe I have to work with an emotional teenager.
Really?
No one?
Of course not. Why are you asking?
Get out of here.
Let us just work.
All right.
I'll take responsibility for my actions today.
It's okay.
You don't have to be responsible for what you did when you were drunk.
Director.
There's one.
Me.
What are you doing?
You're not our staff.
I am today.
I ran into him again.
It had to be at a time when I'm behaving disgracefully.
I never forgot about him for a second.
I desperately...
wanted to see him again even if by chance.
My first love...
that disappeared at the end of my youth...
at the age of 29.
(Temperature of Love)
(5 years ago)
(Episode 1)
What did you just call me?
- That hurts. - Don't pick a fight.
Who do you think you're touching?
Keep it down!
Gosh.
What are you looking at?
That surprised me.
(Being Thirty)
(Writer Park Eun Sung)
No!
No, no.
Detective Kim. Sir.
What do you want?
Can you undo the cuffs?
Already? It hasn't even been half an hour.
The writer called me. I have to know what happened.
All the other assistants left last night. Why are you still here?
You wanted to sleep here and have the cuffs on too.
They are better writers than I am. I have to work twice as hard.
I like that you're humble.
- Hurry. - Let's see.
Hurry, hurry.
Is Hong Ah the main writer?
(Hong Ah)
(What is drama?)
The number you're calling...
(She never picks up her phone.)
What is it?
What took you so long? I called you three times.
You're just impatient.
I was trying to call you back when you called me again.
If you're done, come here.
Where are you?
I told you. I'm in Kind Soup's restaurant in Hongdae.
Kind Soup?
Oh, the one with bad spellings?
(Wi-Fi: Why are you still up? Kind Soup: I had team dinner todai.)
What?
(Kind Soup: I maid food.)
(Emergency Doctor: I packed lunch for the nurses.)
What's wrong with him?
(Jane loves Wi-Fi)
Yes. The one you hate for being stupid.
I never said that I hate him. We've never met.
I just don't like him. What does he do there anyway?
I told you he cooks. How many times do I have to tell you?
I can't remember something I'm not interested in.
Anyway, let's eat here and chat...
until our running club meet together.
The writers want coffee. I have to go back to the office.
Can't your boss buy her own coffee?
The bus is here.
Gosh, you're so modest.
You act as if you won the writing contest already.
I would be acting much worse if I won the contest.
I'd dance in the middle of Yeouido.
Haven't they called you yet? Aren't the results out?
I didn't get a call yet.
Do you know anyone that got the call?
Not that I know of.
Thank goodness.
What if I don't make it again? I'm so worried.
It's not like you to get so depressed.
Just come out later.
I'll have to see.
I'll call you if I can't make it.
You'll die from exhaustion if you keep that up.
Why would an assistant work so hard?
You have to work hard if you want to become anything.
See you later then.
What do you know about being a writer?
I'm sure it's not any different.
If you're here, just eat and go. Why did you want to see me?
Because I have to talk to you.
I wouldn't have come if you had a cellphone.
Why don't you have a phone? It's the 21st century.
Come to Gyeongbok Palace later.
Can't you see I'm working? We're busy during the weekends.
Just come after you're done.
You've never met Hyun Soo. Right, you wouldn't know her name.
Her user name is Jane. You've chatted with her before.
I don't remember.
I'll introduce you to her. She's a fun person to hang out.
There is only one reason why I joined the running club.
What's that?
To run. I don't want to socialize.
I made this garnish. Enjoy it and leave.
Hey, hey.
That's too thick.
How many times do I have to tell you to cut them thin?
Sir, could I go to the washroom?
Just do it in your pants.
- Go, I'll do it. - Thank you.
Why did you go into the hall?
Did you want to show off your garnish to a girl?
You think you got it good since you skipped...
being an assistant after you studied in France, right?
Why are you ignoring me?
Was that a question? I thought you were talking to yourself.
You little...
You must think you're a big shot after becoming a section chef.
Don't you know I'm your superior?
Could you look after the steak? I have to prepare the garnish.
Hey. Do you take me for a joke?
I respect you, chef,
but let's talk after the lunch servings are done.
I'm sorry if I did anything to offend you.
Hey, are you all right?
I'm okay.
Hey.
I told you to call it when you're behind someone.
Didn't I tell you how exposed we are to injuries?
I'll make a quick trip to the hospital.
Shall I call your mother for you, so that she doesn't worry about you?
You must not know her very well. She's very strong.
She'd throw away her kid to a dog.
We have an announcement.
I'll get right to the point.
(On Jung Sun)
Find him as soon as possible.
I'll pay as much as you want.
All right.
Let's see how long you can hide.
Goodness.
Are you all right?
Yes, I'm fine.
Are you sure?
I'm really sorry.
Could you help me?
Of course.
Anything for a beautiful woman like you.
Please follow me.
You are very beautiful.
What did you do while I was sleeping?
These are all useless.
I'll edit them.
My gosh, this is driving me crazy.
Don't you have any brilliant ideas?
What do you think about pressing charges?
That's already too common.
I'm sorry.
I want each of you to think about five ways in how...
the main character can take revenge on the culprit.
Should we just kill the culprit?
- Kill the culprit? - Here's your latte.
Yes, kill the culprit using the cruelest method you can think of.
Okay.
Summarize what we just discussed, and email it to all the others.
- Okay. - Hey.
How did it feel to sleep in a holding cell?
Did it help you understand the culprit?
Not really.
I think having presumed that I'd be able to understand...
the culprit when I'm not even guilty of anything...
was already wrong to begin with.
I told you it'd be a waste of time.
It's not a waste of time.
The content differs based on whether or not you've experienced it.
- Yes, you're right. - Look at Hyun Soo.
I don't need to tell her what to do. She does stuff on her own.
I like your spirit.
Thank you.
I'll summarize what I've covered at the police station.
Okay.
I'm going to go home and come back tomorrow.
- Give me my coffee. - Here you go.
My mother-in-law says she wants to come visit.
Don't get married. It's horrible.
We'll also work at home and come back tomorrow.
It will air in just a few days, and the director's still shooting.
You girls need to be here.
Hyun Soo, you can go home today.
She worked hard on the cover.
- See you. - Bye.
- Bye. - Bye.
- Work hard. - Okay.
Okay.
I can't believe we have to sleep here again...
when she's going home.
When is she going to finish writing everything?
She's probably going to use the summary as reference.
She can't write anything without us.
Then she's going to take the credit for everything.
If that upsets you, you should succeed.
We need to put up with her until we make our debut as writers.
Please send me the summary of today's meeting via email.
What's wrong? Does it bother you to hear us talk behind her back?
No, that's not it.
You always stay quiet whenever we talk behind her back.
You make us look bad.
It's because she's used to being so polite.
If politeness was a criterion in becoming a writer, you'd make it.
Hyun Soo's worked in a large company before.
She's different from us.
We can't really force ourselves to do things we don't want to do.
That goes the same for me.
Please be consistent in how you choose to treat me.
It's uncomfortable to be criticized and understood at the same time.
Hyun Soo, why are you taking it so seriously?
We were just joking around to relieve our stress.
My goodness, you should go home.
She gave you permission to go home.
My gosh, I can't believe her.
How can she talk back to every word I say?
Is she still here? Hasn't she left yet?
Would you like anything else?
You don't need to care about me. I'm waiting for a friend to come.
Jung Woo!
I'm going to leave in 10 minutes.
I'll see you when you leave then.
Jung Woo, I'm sorry. I'll get on my knees if you want me to.
Don't overreact, and sit down.
Have you eaten?
An idol star is appearing in our drama series.
So we get a lot of food from his fans.
By the way, why do you suddenly want to start a production company?
It's time for me to spend the money I've earned.
I'm going to use my money well.
You're so good at sniffing money.
Why have you still not given me the list of directors?
I don't think you're well aware of this business yet.
A production company makes money by hiring a lot of writers.
Your road to success depends on how many...
competent writers you have.
Do you have any writers you'd like to recommend?
I'm just a production assistant. How would I know a star writer?
But I do know one...
who comes running to me anytime I call her.
What did she write?
She graduated from our school, which kind of makes her your junior too.
She quit working at a nice company.
She now works as an assistant writer and gets paid 800 dollars a month.
Forget it. I hate those kind of people.
Those who are reckless and unrealistic.
I like realistic dramas.
She's really smart.
You should meet her.
No.
(Dried Sweet Potatoes)
(Bugger)
When are you coming? Is it okay to sleep outside like this?
You'll ruin yourself before you actually become a writer.
Get me some sanitary pads on your way home.
Buy some instant noodles and spring onions as well.
There's nothing at home.
You can talk all you want. I'm going to go my way.
This is so yummy.
Sweet potato chips are the best.
(Meet me at 3pm tomorrow.)
Meet me at 3pm tomorrow. I'll give you some work.
Why isn't she replying?
I'm not going to meet her.
She just replied.
Unbelievable.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Set a date, so I can meet her. I suddenly want to meet her now.
You haven't even eaten yet. Why are you making meringue?
Don't you think it's time to change the soup?
Are you going to make consomme?
Yes, chef.
You should try developing a single dish.
I'll add that as a special menu.
Thank you, chef.
You can call me by my name when we're alone.
Okay, chef.
It's hard to get along with the others, isn't it?
It's because you got your job through me.
It's okay. I shouldn't be cooking if I'm going to complain about that.
- You should rest today. - No.
You need to at least seem a little approachable.
You should become friends with everyone else.
Teamwork is also part of your competence, you know.
I don't want to purposely seem approachable just to make friends.
My goodness.
My gosh, I can't believe this.
I'll come see you again.
[VIU Ver] E01 Temperature of Love "I Will Persue My Dream"
-= Ruo Xi =-
I totally agree.
- Me too. - Yes.
- It's so funny. - He kept asking...
because he was curious.
- I see. - So I told him.
My gosh.
Haven't you experienced the same thing?
Why are you talking as if...
- you know everything? - Calm down.
We can do it.
- We can do it. - Let's go!
What was that for?
I was checking if you drank after lying to me about...
having to spend the night out for your cover.
What's wrong with you? Would I ever lie to you about that?
No.
But you never know. People always change.
Why did you buy this one?
You use that one.
I needed the ones without wings.
Go back, and exchange these.
Me?
Then who else?
You can go yourself.
Why didn't you pay for last month's living expenses?
To be exact, I couldn't pay.
That's why I shopped for groceries.
You can't end the deal with this.
We're sisters. That's something you can always do for me.
Can't you use that generosity on living expenses as well?
No. Food and money are different.
How are they different?
I do all sorts of chores for you.
If you convert my labor into money, I don't owe you anything.
It's been five months since you haven't paid for living expenses.
I'll go exchange them for you.
This is why you shouldn't have quit your job,
especially when it's a huge company that everyone wants to work at.
There she goes again. She's making it obvious that she's a teacher.
I can't stand her trying to lecture me.
I can't even talk about you anywhere because I'm so embarrassed.
You're so pathetic. Until when are you going to depend on me?
You need to wake up.
How much is your monthly pay?
Why are you looking at me like that? And what's that smile on your face?
Did you imagine spraying this ketchup on me?
How will you write dramas when you can't even lie properly?
It's not too late.
Just prepare for the government official exams.
I wonder what Mom and Dad will think of you now.
They've been only saying good things about you.
Always nagging me to be like you.
When are you going to get out of that idea?
When are you going to stop your stupid psychoanalysis?
I'll just stop talking. What did I expect?
Hey!
I shouldn't be too upset.
She just got dumped. She's in a state of panic.
She can be obsessed with food.
I don't need your sympathy.
I'm not obsessed with food just because I got dumped by him.
I lost.
Drink that.
How could you make me wait?
You should've gotten there first and waited for me.
You know who I am.
I ran to here as soon as I finished my work in Ganghwa.
It's a bit spicy. What is this?
I blended coriander powder with basil.
My brother got coriander powder from India for me.
I like this kind of taste. You were being considerate, weren't you?
I forgive you for making me wait.
Thank you.
Should we pick up Hyun Soo on our way?
Just be loyal to me.
I went to Jung Sun's restaurant earlier.
How come he doesn't have a cellphone in the 21st century?
He has his own way of living.
So is he coming?
He is. He does everything I say.
He doesn't.
He just does what he feels like doing.
I'm the only loyal one here.
Why are you emphasizing that?
I'm just saying I'm happy about it.
What is that?
Is that a letter? Or is it a writing?
What's that dressing on his hand?
He has a knife scar on his arm.
Is he in a gang?
Do I know you?
No, you don't. Why?
You've been staring at me for a while.
I'm sorry.
Why is she not here yet?
- Hyun Soo! - Hey!
You are early! You too!
- I haven't seen you for a while. - I know.
- Hi, Jung Sun! - Hey.
Do you guys know each other?
You know him too.
We've met online already.
He's Kind Soup.
You are Jane.
What is this? That's fancy. Look at mine.
I'll keep your phone for you.
It's okay. I don't want to cause any inconvenience.
What do you mean? It's nothing
You are too independent.
Well, if you insist...
Everyone! Come over here!
As you know, today's running routes are...
Gyeongbok Palace, Samcheong-dong, Bukchon, Insa-dong, and...
Chenggyecheon, Gwanghwamun, and back to Gyeongbok Palace again.
After a warm-up, we'll break into small groups.
You can group yourselves by your pace.
That means I can't run with you guys.
You can be kkakdugi, the weakest one in the group.
I like Kkakdugi. I want to eat it now.
Do you want me to make you some?
Radish from Ganghwa is amazing!
- What do you think of that? - I love it.
Look how happy you guys are.
My knees are hurting already.
Oh, my goodness.
Hyun Soo! Run faster!
If you take a break, you'll feel worse.
You have to keep running.
Does he think I don't know that?
If you know it, then do it. You should be running.
If your legs feel too heavy, try to move your arms at least.
- Like this. - Like this?
That's right. Now you have to go forward.
I'm sorry, but I can't. You go first. I'll take care of myself.
Are you going to give up?
- Can't I? - No, you can't.
I'm a pacemaker. I never let anyone give up.
That's a problem.
Your problem's based on your obsession for achievement.
You shouldn't feel guilty about giving up. It's not good for you.
You are really good at talking. I love that.
Let's talk about it while running.
Hyun Soo. Let's drink beer after this!
That motivates me.
I can do this!
By the way,
don't run behind me.
If I run, that's because I want to run.
I see.
Goodness.
How...
What?
I didn't know I could still find somewhere like this.
This is amazing.
Where's Hyun Soo?
I think she's left behind again. I'll go look for her.
I think I know where she is.
(Episode 2 will air shortly.)